Add birthday celebration and recap blog (#343)
trinodb/trino.io: _posts/2022-09-12-tenth-birthday-celebration-recap.md

1. Realize the system you replaced was actually faster in some cases, but
  for all the wrong reasons ❌🙅.
  [<i class="fab fa-youtube" style="color: red;"></i>
  Video](https://www.youtube.com/clip/UgkxTqBY2nMAALn-OkglE5DT9dHlBuC18qf8){:target="_blank"}

After a lot of the initial work was done, Presto was deployed at Facebook and
soon after open sourced. From here, we know that the velocity of the project
picked up and once the project was independent of Facebook, the features took
off even more. While everything may seem calculated in hindsight, it was a lot
of hard work to grow the community and adoption around Presto and now Trino.
The creators knew they were making a project that would be utilized outside the
walls of Facebook, but
[<i class="fab fa-youtube" style="color: red;"></i>  they could never have 
anticipated the sheer scale of adoption Trino would see](https://www.youtube.com/clip/Ugkxh2J-1bi1rUoBpuld_FAuXYZgz2bvqPPx){:target="_blank"}.

## Conclusion

We hope you enjoyed all the fun we had celebrating these first ten years of the
Trino project. We are thrilled to think of what the following decades will

> bring. We'd like to leave you with a closing though from Dain around what the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bring. We'd like to leave you with closing thoughts from Dain:
```

> next ten years of Trino will look like:

Reviewer: remove
